feat(content): New Alien Faction: The Gegno (#6610)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gegno/ships.txt

ship Conglomerate
	sprite ship/conglomerate
	thumbnail thumbnail/conglomerate
	swizzle 0
	attributes
		category "Heavy Freighter"
		cost 1692000
		mass 760
		bunks 166
		"cargo space" 400
		drag 8.9
		"engine capacity" 180
		"fuel capacity" 400
		"heat dissipation" 0.7
		hull 13300
		"outfit space" 320
		"required crew" 68
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 100
		weapon
			"blast radius" 124
			"shield damage" 960
			"hull damage" 1160
			"hit force" 1650
	outfits
		"C7 Brawl Core"
		Hyperdrive
		"R02 Battlezone Battery"
		"RG18 Torch Steering" 
		"RG18 Torch Thruster"
	engine -32.5 215
	engine 32.5 215
	leak leak 30 40
	leak flame 80 20
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	explode "large explosion" 30
	explode "medium explosion" 38
	explode "small explosion" 26
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "Almost as large as a human cruiser, Dolomites are the Gegno's most common jack-of-all-trades cargo vessel in service, having been used since the early days of colonization. They are used as both passenger liners and cargo vessels, and carry decent amounts of both to note. Due to its popularity and continuous usage, both of the Gegno Vi and Gegno Scin factions have developed further on the original design for their own purposes."

Author: Still will get to this.

		weapon
			"blast radius" 450
			"shield damage" 2000
			"hull damage" 2700
			"hit force" 2100
	outfits
		"Ballistic Cannon" 6
		"C17 Warzone Core"
		"C27 Campaign Core"
		"Chloeric Cannon" 2
		Hyperdrive
		"Irate Cannon" 3
		"R04 Crusade Battery"
		"RG18 Torch Steering" 2
		"RG3 Torch Thruster"
	engine 94 297
	engine 55.5 373.5
	engine -22.5 373.5
	engine -52 297
	"steering engine" 131 54.5
		angle -60.001831
		left
	"steering engine" 128.5 116
		angle -53.997803
		left
	"steering engine" -107 161.5
		angle 60.001831
		right
	"steering engine" -121 97
		angle 60.001831
		right
	turret 14 -304.5 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 13.5 -219 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 27.5 -129 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 27 134 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 17.5 221.5 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 18.5 301.5 "Ballistic Cannon"
	gun 57.5 -385 "Chloeric Cannon"
	gun 57.5 -385 "Chloeric Cannon"
	gun -37 -372.5 "Irate Cannon"
	gun -41 -368 "Irate Cannon"
	gun -45 -362 "Irate Cannon"
	leak leak 50 50
	leak flame 80 140
	explode "huge explosion" 36
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "medium explosion" 60
	explode "small explosion" 20
	explode "tiny explosion" 60
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Augen is an ancient battleship design proposed by the Vi to protect the Gegno from potential outside dangers."

Author: The only reason I haven't touched this description much is it will never be obtainable for the player, but I can look into adding more for fun.

	turret 13.5 -219 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 27.5 -129 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 27 134 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 17.5 221.5 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 18.5 301.5 "Ballistic Cannon"
	gun 57.5 -385 "Chloeric Cannon"
	gun 57.5 -385 "Chloeric Cannon"
	gun -37 -372.5 "Irate Cannon"
	gun -41 -368 "Irate Cannon"
	gun -45 -362 "Irate Cannon"
	leak leak 50 50
	leak flame 80 140
	explode "huge explosion" 36
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "medium explosion" 60
	explode "small explosion" 20
	explode "tiny explosion" 60
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "The Augen is an ancient battleship design proposed by the Vi to protect the Gegno from potential outside dangers."

ship Shale
	sprite ship/shale
	thumbnail thumbnail/shale
	swizzle 0
	attributes
		category Transport
		licenses
			"Gegno Civilian"
		cost 265000
		mass 121
		bunks 7
		"cargo space" 36
		drag 1.7
		"engine capacity" 58
		"fuel capacity" 400
		"heat dissipation" 0.8
		hull 825
		"outfit space" 125
		"required crew" 1
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 12
		weapon
			"blast radius" 18
			"shield damage" 40
			"hull damage" 132
			"hit force" 210
	outfits
		"C3 Scrap Cell"
		Hyperdrive

> 		"R01 Skirmish Battery"

Author: Hmm, I'm not sure how to alleviate this without giving them another battery. Is that what you suggest?

> 		"R01 Skirmish Battery"

Reviewer: Increasing the performance and energy

> 		"R01 Skirmish Battery"

Author: Anything you've come up with for this?

> 		"R01 Skirmish Battery"

Author: @warp-core Hey, I'm not sure if you've gotten a chance to peek at these vs. the human counterparts yet and any following suggestions. Is there any way you can do this sometime still?

		"RG15 Torch Steering"
		"RG15 Torch Thruster"
	engine 0 40
	leak leak 50 60
	explode "small explosion" 5
	explode "tiny explosion" 10
	description "Due to the Gegno splitting up and colonizing new worlds, they needed a smaller ship to do a lot of the grunt work instead of always relying on their enormous (and expensive) City-Ships. The Shale is the Gegno's design of a shuttle-ship, small and compact with transportation being its single purpose. Whether it be cargo, trade goods, travellers, or recruits to move off homeworld, Slates build the foundations of the Gegno."

ship Dolomite
	sprite ship/dolomite
	thumbnail thumbnail/dolomite
	swizzle 0
	attributes
		category "Light Freighter"
		licenses
			"Gegno Civilian"
		cost 1692000
		mass 570
		bunks 80
		"cargo space" 140
		drag 5.9
		"engine capacity" 76
		"fuel capacity" 500
		"heat dissipation" 0.7
		hull 10500
		"outfit space" 150
		"required crew" 34
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 20
		weapon
			"blast radius" 72
			"shield damage" 320
			"hull damage" 620
			"hit force" 720
	outfits
		"C3 Scrap Cell"
		Hyperdrive
		"R01 Skirmish Battery"

> 		"R02 Battlezone Battery"

Author: Yeah, SC engines are Scin-specific. Changed the engine space and added the second RG15, though.

ship Conglomerate
	sprite ship/conglomerate
	thumbnail thumbnail/conglomerate
	swizzle 0
	attributes
		category "Heavy Freighter"
		licenses
			"Gegno Civilian"
		cost 1692000
		mass 760
		bunks 166
		"cargo space" 400
		drag 8.9
		"engine capacity" 136
		"fuel capacity" 400
		"heat dissipation" 0.7
		hull 13300
		"outfit space" 240
		"required crew" 68
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 18
		weapon
			"blast radius" 124
			"shield damage" 960
			"hull damage" 1160
			"hit force" 1650
	outfits
		"C7 Brawl Cell"
		Hyperdrive
		"R02 Battlezone Battery"
		"RG18 Torch Steering"
		"RG18 Torch Thruster"
	engine -32.5 215
	engine 32.5 215
	leak leak 30 40
	leak flame 80 20
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	explode "large explosion" 30
	explode "medium explosion" 38
	explode "small explosion" 26
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "Over time the Gegno needed larger vessels to carry materials from new worlds alike- ones that would be more efficient and more efficient to build than older outdated City-Ships. Conglomerates are built to haul, moving large amounts of materials and personnel across Gegno space."

ship Gypsum
	sprite ship/gypsum

> 	thumbnail thumbnail/gypsum

Author: Have yet to get to this and the Augen.

		category "Light Freighter"
		licenses
			"Gegno Civilian"
		cost 1692000
		mass 380
		bunks 40
		"cargo space" 104
		drag 3
		"engine capacity" 120
		"fuel capacity" 500
		"heat dissipation" 0.8
		hull 5200
		"outfit space" 240
		"required crew" 18
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 42
		weapon
			"blast radius" 72
			"shield damage" 320
			"hull damage" 620
			"hit force" 720
	outfits
		"C7 Brawl Core"
		Excavator
		Hyperdrive
		"R01 Skirmish Battery"
		"RG15 Torch Steering"
		"RG18 Torch Steering"
		"RG18 Torch Thruster"
	engine 0 124
	gun 0 -117 Excavator
	leak leak 60 50
	leak flame 60 80
	explode "large explosion" 14
	explode "medium explosion" 24
	explode "small explosion" 26
	explode "tiny explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion medium"
	description "To fuel their exponentionally increasing construction rate and need for materials, many Miner-class ships were devised for space usage. Rather than re-use older ship designs, Miners would be designed to focus only on the purpose of mining. The Gypsum platform is not much more than a flying drill with cargo containers, engines, and a bridge attached behind it, making it cost-efficient and easily manufacturable."

> 	description `Compared to other vessels in the galaxy, the Gypsum is much slower due to the Gegno's technology level, and has a harder time keeping up with faster asteroids. For those asteroids it can catch up to, the powerful excavator drill is able to grind materials out with ease.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	Compared to other vessels in the galaxy, the Gypsum is much slower due to the Gegno's technology level, and has a harder time keeping up with faster asteroids. For those asteroids it can catch up to, the powerful excavator drill is able to grind materials out with ease.`
```

ship Schist
	sprite ship/schist
	thumbnail thumbnail/schist
	swizzle 0
	attributes
		category "Light Freighter"
		cost 1932000
		licenses
			"Gegno Civilian"
			"Vi Evocati"
		mass 560
		bunks 86
		"cargo space" 122
		drag 5.9
		"engine capacity" 106
		"fuel capacity" 500
		"heat dissipation" 0.7
		hull 12375
		"outfit space" 210
		"required crew" 36
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 38
		weapon
			"blast radius" 71
			"shield damage" 310
			"hull damage" 660
			"hit force" 700
	outfits
		"C7 Brawl Core"
		Hyperdrive
		"Irate Cannon" 2
		"R02 Battlezone Battery"
		"RG18 Torch Steering"
		"RG18 Torch Thruster"
	engine 0 150
	gun -14 -169 "Irate Cannon"
	gun 14 -169 "Irate Cannon"
	leak leak 60 50
	leak flame 60 80
	explode "large explosion" 10
	explode "medium explosion" 25
	explode "small explosion" 25
	explode "tiny explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion medium"
	description "The Schist is the Gegno Vi's variation of the Gegno's old mid-range Dolomite. It has a decent cargo size, and enough bunks to carry a whole platoon of Gegno warriors. It is the primary vessel used to transport recruits to the front lines, and veterans back to home territories." 

> 	description `Although a relatively light armament is an exception for the Vi's very aggressive and combat-oriented ship design philosophy, Schists still carry a pair of cannon mounts to be able to bring something, rather than nothing, to a fight.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	Although a relatively light armament is an exception for the Vi's very aggressive and combat-oriented ship design philosophy, Schists still carry a pair of cannon mounts to be able to bring something, rather than nothing, to a fight.`
```

ship Schist "Schist Light"
	sprite ship/schistlight
	thumbnail thumbnail/schistlight
	add attributes
		mass 18
		"cargo space" 18

> 		drag 0.1

Author: It's meant as a "light cargo load" on top of the internals, with the additions of outer ones. Maybe I should change this to medium, and the other to heavy.

> 		drag 0.1

Reviewer: I think that name change would be good.

These variants also don't really gain a lot of capacity, maybe increase the capacity of the external pods?

		"outfit space" 815
		"required crew" 142
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 412
		weapon
			"blast radius" 150
			"shield damage" 1150
			"hull damage" 1570
			"hit force" 1200
	outfits
		"Ballistic Cannon" 3
		"C27 Campaign Core"
		Hyperdrive
		"Irate Cannon" 4
		"R04 Crusade Battery"
		"RG3 Torch Steering"
		"RG3 Torch Thruster"
	engine 0 264
	gun -17.4 -282 "Irate Cannon"
	gun 17.4 -282 "Irate Cannon"
	gun -24.5 -263 "Irate Cannon"
	gun 24.5 -263 "Irate Cannon"
	turret 0 -107 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 0 -30.5 "Ballistic Cannon"
	turret 0 42.5 "Ballistic Cannon"
	leak leak 50 50
	leak flame 80 140
	explode "huge explosion" 18
	explode "large explosion" 30
	explode "medium explosion" 46
	explode "small explosion" 40
	explode "tiny explosion" 80
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "Gneiss Battleships are the Gegno Vi's true sword & shield in war. They are slightly older than the Hornfels and Schists, but carry the heaviest armament, bolstering 3 huge mounts dedicated to hold enormous Ballistic Cannons. Gniesses also have extremely strong armor plating, and can take a hefty beating while firing dangerously threatening broadsides at the opposing force."

> 	description `Unfortunately, in exchange for huge firepower and defensive armor, they lack speed and maneuverability, even when fitted with the largest engine systems the Vi have to offer.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	Unfortunately, in exchange for huge firepower and defensive armor, they lack speed and maneuverability, even when fitted with the largest engine systems the Vi have to offer.`
```

ship Protolith
	sprite ship/protolith
	thumbnail thumbnail/protolith
	swizzle 0
	attributes
		category "Heavy Freighter"
		licenses
			"Gegno Civilian"
			"Vi Evocati"
			"Vi Centurion"
			"Vi Lord"
		cost 17600000
		mass 1260
		bunks 292
		"cargo space" 530
		drag 16.1
		"engine capacity" 176
		"fuel capacity" 700
		"heat dissipation" 0.4
		hull 19575
		"outfit space" 568
		"required crew" 84
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 180
		weapon
			"blast radius" 280
			"shield damage" 1550
			"hull damage" 2050
			"hit force" 3950
	outfits
		"C27 Campaign Core"
		"Chloeric Turret" 2
		Hyperdrive
		"Irate Cannon" 2
		"R02 Battlezone Battery"
		"R03 Warforge Battery"
		"RG3 Torch Steering"
		"RG3 Torch Thruster"
	engine 0 260
	engine -39 250
	engine 39 250
	gun 37 -212 "Irate Cannon"
	gun 45 -199.5 "Irate Cannon"
	turret 0 -33 "Chloeric Turret"
	turret 0 8 "Chloeric Turret"
	leak leak 30 50
	leak flame 30 80
	leak "big leak" 50 30
	explode "huge explosion" 30
	explode "large explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 35
	explode "small explosion" 25
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "Protoliths are descendants of the Gegno's early City-Ships used to colonize nearby planets. They now carry hundreds of battle-ready Vi both in and out of war, and carry huge cargo loads to supply depots. They are not typically used as warships but can be mounted with a small payload that can threaten most ships smaller than them, or fend off larger ships long enough for reinforcements to arrive."

Reviewer: Why are the battle-ready being carried out of war?
```suggestion
	description "Protoliths are descendants of the Gegno's early City-Ships used to colonize nearby systems. They now carry hundreds of Vi both in and out of war, and huge cargo loads to supply depots. They are not typically used as warships but can support enough weaponry to threaten most smaller ships, or fend off larger ships long enough for reinforcements to arrive."
```

> 	description "Protoliths are descendants of the Gegno's early City-Ships used to colonize nearby planets. They now carry hundreds of battle-ready Vi both in and out of war, and carry huge cargo loads to supply depots. They are not typically used as warships but can be mounted with a small payload that can threaten most ships smaller than them, or fend off larger ships long enough for reinforcements to arrive."

Reviewer: A lot of these ships have excess energy but will overheat if you even think about firing the weapons. Can they get some low energy efficiency active cooling systems or something?
Also, there's a lot of empty space on this ship. Can it have bigger guns?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20605679/173263361-05a2386e-d54a-4923-b1fd-773514713508.png)

Reviewer: If the Vi designers did not intend for it to carry larger weapons, it should have less weapon capacity. Maybe 130 or 140.

If this unused space is a reflection of their technology being worse when it was designed and so weapons of the same performance took up more space but their modern technology is more compact and they just haven't designed a newer ship to better take advantage of those improvements, it's fine, though I would suggest adding cargo expansions to show this effect in action. Maybe they've got updated versions of this design in the works that would reduce weapon capacity and divert some to engine capacity, cargo soace, and/or bunks.

Regardless, this ship absolutely does not need a C27, it doesn't even need a C17. A couple of C7s and the 23t battery should be plenty.

ship Halite
	sprite ship/halite
	thumbnail thumbnail/halite
	swizzle 0
	attributes
		category Fighter
		licenses
			"Gegno Civilian"
			"Scin Hoplologist"
			"Scin Architect"
		cost 129000
		mass 30
		bunks 1
		"cargo space" 1
		drag 0.74
		"engine capacity" 30
		"heat dissipation" 0.76
		hull 780
		"outfit space" 78
		"required crew" 1
		shields 240
		"weapon capacity" 30
		weapon
			"blast radius" 14
			"shield damage" 160
			"hull damage" 85
			"hit force" 160
	outfits
		"I70 Ameliorate Cell"
		"SC-1 Plasma Engines"
		"Talc Laser" 2
	engine -11 42
	engine 11 42
	gun -18.5 -44.5 "Talc Laser"
	gun 18.5 -44.5 "Talc Laser"
	leak leak 60 50
	explode "small explosion" 8
	explode "tiny explosion" 10
	description "Halites are a successful experimental test platform designed by the Gegno Scin. They are Gegno's first fighter-based craft, and the first to equip both early-stage beam weapon and shield technology, with almost half the hull dedicated to it."

> 	description "Able to bring a swarm of instant damage to slow-moving Vi warships while under protective shielding, a large number of these ships are seen aboard Scin carrier craft."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	Able to bring a swarm of instant damage to slow-moving Vi warships while under protective shielding, a large number of these ships are seen aboard Scin carrier craft."
```

ship Coesite
	sprite ship/coesite
	thumbnail thumbnail/coesite
	swizzle 0
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"
		licenses
			"Gegno Civilian"
			"Scin Adjutant"
		cost 3120000
		mass 245
		bunks 26
		"cargo space" 60
		drag 4
		"engine capacity" 120
		"fuel capacity" 400
		"heat dissipation" 0.7
		hull 6450
		"outfit space" 264
		"required crew" 9
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 110
		weapon
			"blast radius" 40
			"shield damage" 240
			"hull damage" 460
			"hit force" 440
	outfits
		"Astuit Battery" 2
		"C7 Brawl Cell"
		Hyperdrive
		"R01 Skirmish Battery"
		"R02 Battlezone Battery" 2
		"SC-12 Plasma Thruster"
		"SC-14 Plasma Steering"
	engine 46.5 92.5
	engine -46.5 92.5
	turret -25 -16.5 "Astuit Battery"
	turret 25 -16.5 "Astuit Battery"
	leak leak 60 50
	leak flame 50 80
	explode "medium explosion" 6
	explode "small explosion" 24
	explode "tiny explosion" 18
	"final explode" "final explosion small"

> 	description "Coesites are smaller warships that the Scin use as screening vessels during battle with the Vi. They are speedy and carry 3 turret mounts which allows them to always be orbiting and firing on the move. Coesites are the designated platform for the Scin's anti-shell turrets, allowing them to take out shells ahead of their larger ships to reduce incoming fire and turn the tide of war."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Coesites are smaller warships that the Scin use as screening vessels during battle with the Vi. They are speedy and carry two turret mounts which allows them to always be orbiting and firing on the move. Coesites are the designated platform for the Scin's anti-shell turrets, allowing them to take out shells ahead of their larger ships to reduce incoming fire and turn the tide of war."
```

		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 62
		weapon
			"blast radius" 35
			"shield damage" 220
			"hull damage" 430
			"hit force" 410
	outfits
		"C7 Brawl Cell"
		"Guile Anti-Missile"
		Hyperdrive
		"R02 Battlezone Battery"
		"SC-12 Plasma Thruster"
		"SC-14 Plasma Steering"
	engine 38.5 73
		zoom 0.9
	engine -38.5 73
		zoom 0.9
	engine 0 67.5
	turret 0 18.5 "Guile Anti-Missile"
	leak leak 50 40
	leak flame 40 70
	explode "medium explosion" 3
	explode "small explosion" 19
	explode "tiny explosion" 14
	"final explode" "final explosion small"
	description "Using a similar yet smaller frame to the Coesite, the Tridymite was designed as the production platform for the Gegno Scin's new Guile system. As its younger sibling, the Tridymite is a smaller escort vessel that provides anti-cannon screening for Scin fleets, while Coesites are armed with more offensive weaponry."

ship Felsic
	sprite ship/felsic
	thumbnail thumbnail/felsic
	swizzle 0
	attributes
		category "Light Freighter"
		licenses
			"Gegno Civilian"
			"Scin Architect"
			"Scin Hoplologist"
		cost 2342000
		mass 565
		bunks 78
		"cargo space" 160
		drag 5.9
		"engine capacity" 106
		"fuel capacity" 500
		"heat dissipation" 0.7

> 		hull 11000

Reviewer: They don't lose a lot of hull compared to the Schists for being way better in every other way. Are the Scin ships supposed to be far superior to the Vi?

Author: Scin ships are supposed to be technologically superior, but I think like you said maybe it should loose more hull. Though I'd be worried they are worse off in combat due to that, so maybe not a lot of hull.

Strictly speaking, the Felsic is the best re-design of the Dolomite over the Schist, which is only focused on a cargo role.

		"outfit space" 310
		"required crew" 38
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 84
		weapon
			"blast radius" 74
			"shield damage" 340
			"hull damage" 650
			"hit force" 690
	outfits
		"Astuit Battery" 2
		"C17 Warzone Core"
		"Guile Anti-Missile"
		Hyperdrive
		"R02 Battlezone Battery"
		"SC-14 Plasma Steering"
		"SC-14 Plasma Thruster"
	engine -18 152
	engine 18 152
	turret 0 -76 "Guile Anti-Missile"
	turret -44 85.5 "Astuit Battery"
	turret 44 85.5 "Astuit Battery"
	leak leak 60 50
	leak flame 60 80
	explode "large explosion" 7
	explode "medium explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 28
	explode "tiny explosion" 16
	"final explode" "final explosion medium"

> 	description "Felsics are essentially stripped Schists repurposed for a more engaging role. In place of the heavier engines that the Vi had mounted on, they expanded the profile have more efficient engines, dedicating the remaining space to a larger cargo capacity. On top of fitting more cargo room, the Scin also oufitted these 3 turret mounts, allowing them to double as a secondary combat vessel to support their war efforts, and to fill in the lack of a dedicated warship."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Felsics are based on Schists, but offer many upgrades in exchange for less durability and space for engines. The Scin have opted for three turret mounts, as well as expanded capacity for outfits and weapons. All this allows these ships to perform logistical duties well as well as doubling as a secondary combat vessel, making up for the lack off a dedicated Scin warship."
```
The engine capacity should probably be reduced, 85 maybe?

Author: Sounds good.

		"C27 Campaign Core"
		Hyperdrive
		"R03 Warforge Battery"
		"SC-14 Plasma Steering"
		"SC-15 Plasma Engines"
	engine 31 198
	engine -31 198
	"reverse engine" -38 -188
		zoom 0.7
		angle -360
	"reverse engine" 38 -188
		zoom 0.7
		angle -360
	"steering engine" 108 33
		zoom 0.7
		angle -63.001099
		left
	"steering engine" -108 33
		zoom 0.7
		angle 63.001099
		right
	turret -72.5 17 "Acuit Artillery"
	turret 72.5 17 "Acuit Artillery"
	bay Fighter -71 -171.5
		over
	bay Fighter 71 -171.5
		over
	bay Fighter -69 -97
		over
	bay Fighter 69 -97
		over
	bay Fighter -65.5 120
		angle -180
		over
	bay Fighter 65.5 120
		angle -180
		over
	leak leak 50 50
	leak flame 80 140
	explode "huge explosion" 18
	explode "large explosion" 30
	explode "medium explosion" 46
	explode "small explosion" 50
	explode "tiny explosion" 40
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "The mighty Feldspar is a Scin creation to behold. As a testbed for the new Halite Fighters, Feldspars bring their own small fleets with them and overwhelm their enemy. They also were designed as a semi-experimental platform, built around a brand new multi-engine system and the latest in Gegno plasma technology."

> 	description `Able to keep a decent stance away from a battle while putting down artillery fire, Feldspars are quite a dangerously well-rounded ship for their size. On the downside, they are more susceptible to hull damage like any other Scin warship, especially when alone, as they rely a lot on their fighters since they aren't a dedicated warship themselves.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	Able to keep a decent stance away from a battle while putting down artillery fire, Feldspars are quite a dangerously well-rounded ship for their size. On the downside, they are more susceptible to hull damage like any other Scin warship, especially when alone, as they rely a lot on their fighters since they aren't a dedicated warship themselves.`
```

		drag 16.1
		"engine capacity" 182
		"fuel capacity" 600
		"heat dissipation" 0.9
		hull 16400
		"outfit space" 440
		"required crew" 68
		shields 0
		"weapon capacity" 140
		weapon
			"blast radius" 216
			"shield damage" 1920
			"hull damage" 1630
			"hit force" 3200
	outfits
		"C27 Campaign Core"
		"Guile Anti-Missile" 2
		Hyperdrive
		"R02 Battlezone Battery"
		"R03 Warforge Battery"
		"SC-14 Plasma Steering"
		"SC-15 Plasma Engines"
	engine -55.5 165.5
	engine 55.5 165.5
	"reverse engine" 46.5 -157.5
		angle -360
	"reverse engine" -46.5 -157.5
		angle -360
	turret 0 -26 "Guile Anti-Missile"
	turret 0 64 "Guile Anti-Missile"
	bay Fighter 0.5 109.5
		angle -180
		under
	leak leak 10 40
	leak flame 40 70
	leak "big leak" 30 50
	explode "huge explosion" 15
	explode "large explosion" 42
	explode "medium explosion" 42
	explode "small explosion" 38
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "Since Protoliths were largely acquired by the Vi before spaceship developmented progressed too far, the Scin had to design a brand new heavy freighter vessel from scratch. The Muscovite is able to perform in many roles, having a very large crew capability and cargo capacity."

> 	description `Each Muscovite is also equipped with a rear fighter bay capable of carrying a Halite, allowing the Scin to transport fighters to outposts that need them for Feldspars. Like the Felspar, the Muscovite is also equipped with a brand new engine system, making a ship that can take a bit of a pounding faster as well.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	Each Muscovite is also equipped with a rear fighter bay capable of carrying a Halite, allowing the Scin to transport fighters to outposts that need them for Feldspars. Like the Felspar, the Muscovite is also equipped with a brand new engine system, making a ship that can take a bit of a pounding faster as well.`
```
